---
layout: archive
permalink: /HD-map-generation/
title: "HD MAP GENERATION"
author_profile: true

---


{% include base_path %}

Introduction
======

We've generated test scenarios based on the geometry and topology information extracted from the HD maps, either without or with dynamic obstacles. 

Our methods thus suffers from a intrinsic limitation, which is the limitation of the HD map itself. 

If the HD maps are limited, the types of scenarios generated by whichever methods will be fundamentally limited.

For example, if there are no junctions in the map, we will not be able to generate any junction scenarios.

To address this issue and complement the previously proposed methods, we propose the following feature-based HD map generation method to automatically generate HD maps ready for simulation testing based on manually required features or automatically extracted features from existing maps. 

Map Modeling
======

We focus on the city-driving scenarios and as mentioned previously, there are two main elements: roads and junctions. 

* Road Modeling

Road consists of parallel lanes, which can be represented by their central curve and land width. 

We use the cubic Bézier curve to model lane central curves and boundaries. 

* Junction Modeling

Junctions are the places where roads connects with each other.  We model the junctions by means of road sockets as shown in the diagram below.

Each junction has a logic center C, which is located at the center of its polygon.  The roads are linked by the so-called road sockets, represented by vectors starting from the junction's logical center C to the start point of the road's central curve. 

Vectors have length and rotation. For simplicity, we fix length to be 10 meters and focus on the rotation feature, as the rotation feature essentially determines the overall shape (geometry) of the constructed junction.  For example, the rotation angles of the three road vectors in the diagram below are 30 degrees, 160 degrees, -95 degress, all measured from the east direction. 
As mentioned earlier, each route contians two roads and one junction. 

